Clarify use of envvars for host config (#12775)
aspnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/fundamentals/configuration/index.md

[Azure App Service](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/app-service/) permits you to set environment variables in the Azure Portal that can override app configuration using the Environment Variables Configuration Provider. For more information, see [Azure Apps: Override app configuration using the Azure Portal](xref:host-and-deploy/azure-apps/index#override-app-configuration-using-the-azure-portal).

> `AddEnvironmentVariables` is used to load environment variables prefixed with `ASPNETCORE_` as [host configuration](#host-vs-app-configuration) when you initialize a new <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.WebHostBuilder>. For more information, see [Web Host: Set up a host](xref:fundamentals/host/web-host#set-up-a-host).

Reviewer: Recommend:

* "for" over "as."
* dropping "you," since we've generally been doing that over time.

```suggestion
`AddEnvironmentVariables` is used to load environment variables prefixed with `ASPNETCORE_` for [host configuration](#host-vs-app-configuration) when a new <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.WebHostBuilder> is initialized. For more information, see [Web Host: Set up a host](xref:fundamentals/host/web-host#set-up-a-host).
```
